README.md, before:

# Extinguish

English
|
[简体中文](https://github.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/blob/master/README_ZH_CN.md)

Helps you run any android apps as if the screen is on while it is off.

<div align="left">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/master/doc/screenshot_home_en.png" width="30%" alt="home"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/master/doc/screenshot_solution_en.png" width="30%" alt="solution"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/master/doc/screenshot_external_en.png" width="30%" alt="external"/>
</div>

## Features

Extinguish turns off the screen using Android’s hidden function. It truly turns off the device’s
screen rather than displaying a black overlay, making it suitable for various types of screens,
including LCD and OLED.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The behavior of systems modified by device manufacturers
> may differ from expected, so Extinguish may not work
> properly on some systems.

Extinguish supports using the following methods to control the screen state:

- Floating button
- Volume key event
- Touch screen
- Notification
- Quick settings tile
- ADB command

> Floating button is including a timer popup. You can set
> when the screen turns on after it turns off.

Commit message:

[doc] add download to README

README.md, after:

# Extinguish

English
|
[简体中文](https://github.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/blob/master/README_ZH_CN.md)

Helps you run any android apps as if the screen is on while it is off.

<div align="left">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/master/doc/screenshot_home_en.png" width="30%" alt="home"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/master/doc/screenshot_solution_en.png" width="30%" alt="solution"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/master/doc/screenshot_external_en.png" width="30%" alt="external"/>
</div>

## Features

Extinguish turns off the screen using Android’s hidden function. It truly turns off the device’s
screen rather than displaying a black overlay, making it suitable for various types of screens,
including LCD and OLED.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The behavior of systems modified by device manufacturers
> may differ from expected, so Extinguish may not work
> properly on some systems.

Extinguish supports using the following methods to control the screen state:

- Floating button
  > Floating button is including a timer popup. You can set
  > when the screen turns on after it turns off.
- Volume key event
- Touch screen
- Notification
- Quick settings tile
- ADB command

## Download

[Github Release](https://github.com/Moderpach/Extinguish/releases)

[Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=own.moderpach.extinguish)

Lower than 0.2.6:

[Moderpach/Extinguish_package](https://github.com/Moderpach/Extinguish_package)
